you couldn't even see it coming but
computer programs algorithms robotics
and automation have all been quietly
working to become better than you to be
faster and stronger to take everything
humanity has done throughout
civilization and learn it in minutes
then expand on that faster and faster
and before you know it you've become
obsolete
you came here for the truth today we are
going to look at Robo advisors let's
begin this is an article out of Business
Insider and is talking about one
person's journey with his investments so
he goes to the financial advisor and
they ask the basic questions how much do
you earn and a few others and that's
about it
if anyone has ever sat down with a
financial advisor you'll know the
process that they are involved in they
have a computer program they click
buttons into there and ultimately your
money gets invested so why not skip that
whole part of that individual clicking
the buttons when it could be you that's
essentially what has happened an entire
industry could be wiped out released
large percentage of them they wanted to
charge him a fee of one percent but he
decided to shop around
he remembered hearing advertisements and
some of those were about Robo advisors
then he decided to download a few apps
he got into it saw what he liked many
people are doing the same thing they are
getting into Robo advisors simply
because they think I don't even have to
go to the bank I can do this from my
cell phone while I'm on my break at work
click a few buttons and now I am
investing on my own
the management fees are gonna be lower
significantly and ultimately there's no
difference so that's what's happening
and I feel that it is an entire
profession that can be wiped out
overnight simply because of the way that
it is accelerating it's not a stretch of
the imagination to believe that look not
for the highest of the high net worth
clients okay they want to have special
you know let's say special arrangements
but you'll notice that even those with
two hundred fifty thousand dollars these
apply to them so it's not just someone
who has one or two dollars in their
mutual funds here not at all so let's
look at a few of the companies that have
already been working on this it's all
the big boys toy bank Goldman Sachs in
these cases here either buying companies
or they're doing it themselves
fidelity that's another huge company
that's into this TD Ameritrade JPMorgan
Chase said that they want to do so they
want to have a digital banking product
package and they want to include that as
part of it and let me just for one
moment hear Barclays is another one who
is engaging in the same business right
so we have all these companies globally
they're popping up everywhere why
because you have a lot of very skilled
programmers and all you need is a few
basic inputs and you'll be able to
create a website that people can invest
their money on they don't have to
interact with a human being at all and
you can fire a whole bunch people
so the banks are loving it and the
clients are loving it too now looking at
this these numbers happen to be a little
outdated now but it's approximately this
this is the US by the way but it's a
similar situation in Canada and probably
in other countries as well the average
age of advisors in the country is now 50
years old 43% of the advisors in the
industry are over the age of 55 so we
have individuals that are certainly
pushing the limits on how long they want
to be working for but you don't have to
worry about them being replaced by those
younger because they'll be replaced by a
computer algorithm that is the goal and
they will go ahead and do so I'm sure
simply because those jobs are very
expensive when compared to somebody that
you just pay one time they build that
Robo program and it requires a little
bit of maintenance here and there
but otherwise it's doing its work on its
own they don't want people in the
workforce right now just one other thing
ai this article is happening to talk
about this 135 million dollar investment
from contributions and it goes on all I
want to talk about is that artificial
intelligence is part of this and so
obviously you've heard what Elon Musk
has said there's a lot of talk about
artificial intelligence and I don't
believe that it is something beneficial
to us you know in a limited sort of
laboratory type focus you may be able to
argue either way however that's not what
this is we would basically be setting it
free
and hopefully it will come back by the
time it comes back and would probably
learn ten times the amount of
information that you already know so
it's really scary to think about but
regardless a eye is part of this whole
robo-advisor thing and the intelligence
of these advisors could become a lot
better than what's available to you
right now so remember it's not something
that's happening happening in the future
this is happening right now as these
people are moving away the Robo advisors
will take their place and I do believe
at the same time that individuals need
to get very smart about the professions
they choose about how they invest their
money all of these things need to be
looked at you cannot be complacent it is
a very very bad idea yet most people do
it so that's all for this video if you
found it informative please give me a
thumbs up when you give me a thumbs up
it helps to push these videos higher up
in the youtube search rankings so I do
appreciate that very much
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my newer
release global economic collapse even
more informative you can get the links
in the description below which will take
you over to Amazon you can flip through
the book see if you're interested the
first book is about the four asset
classes and how to profit from it
whereas the newer book is about reducing
your monthly expenses becoming
self-sufficient solar panels and more so
check those out the links are in the
description take care if you haven't
joined me already on steam it then
definitely check me out on there the
links are in the description for that
vid me as well for those who want some
alternative
voices